c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\HammerCreekBrewing.dll.config
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\HammerCreekBrewing.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\HammerCreekBrewing.pdb
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\obj\Debug\HammerCreekBrewing.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\obj\Debug\HammerCreekBrewing.dll
c:\users\craig.clark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HammerCreekBrewing\obj\Debug\HammerCreekBrewing.pdb
